Right now in GAW there is no recon aspect to the game, all(most) of the targets in GAW are automatically marked with F10 markers, the spectator slots can view all units on the map, the F10 menu just gives you coordinates, etc. The catch is none of these coordinates are suitable/accurate enough to be used for targeting data, say for a JDAM.

The goal of this request is to provide a framework for players of the mission to provide targeting level information to the rest of the player base without having to re-source that information individually.


== Recon Overflights

An AI recon overflight would be a way to gather this targeting information for later use by coalition players.

Questions:
* So would players then perform those recon tasks or AI?
* What benefit would we get from them?
* What is the incentive to perform these flights?
	so once something is recon'ed we could save that state and if the target is not movable
		those targets would be good for the rest of the campaign.
	well since most of the target locations are random, they would kinda be flying around
		aimlessly and their sortie would be a lot longer.
* How would you decide when an objective has been scouted or not?
* Why would a human bother doing recon when he can just have the AI go to the area and do it for him?
  (There has to be a real benefit of a human spending the time doing the work)
* Perhaps provide an incentive for players to protect the Recon flights too, so they still have to be involved?
Like 5-10 minutes after the recon flight launches, spawn a red flight of interceptors that is dedicated to hunting down and killing the recon flight before it finds the objective?


=== 


== Target List


VMFA-169 | Kijaxu
Because if you set it as just having to overfly the target to get its coords people will just fly around randomly until they find it accidentally
I think it would be really nice if the players actually had to find and identify the targets and then relay the coords somehow

So I thought of a cool feature to add to GAW, recon overflight requests.
basically place a mark on the F10 map with a special syntax in the comment box to request a recon overflight of a specific area.
it would be an easy feature to add with the new GAW architecture.
now instead of all objectives being automatically marked on the map with read-only markers, you have to recon either with these limited AI resources or manually.
so once something is recon'ed we could save that state and if the target is not movable those targets would be good for the rest of the campaign.
well since most of the target locations are random, they would kinda be flying around aimlessly and their sortie would be a lot longer.

to get proper targeting coordinates I think the AI overflight would need to come within 12nm laterally of the objective.
Human input to the targeting database would have to be manual.

AI takes time
and is limited in number of simultaneous and total.

yeah if a recon flight gets shot down that reduces the total pool left available.
there is a minor greifing aspect in that a player could send a recon flight over an active SAM.


